sometimes I refer to record on my phone
instead of my gopro the big problem I've
always had is I always have to balance
it up against something to try and get
it stay in place so I've made this
simple tripod adapter from wood
now let's take a closer look at how it's
made
you'll see that there's basically two
strips of wood here and then a big piece
underneath and a couple of spaces here
and then a bolt here and I'll show you
the width I used this wood here is use
for these strips and then I just cut an
area off this to make the base and then
the bit where the tripod screws into
it's just a regular bolt so all I did
was I took my drill I made a hole like
this just around a little bit smaller
than the size of the bolt and then I
felt that hole with some glue put the
bolt on top and bashed it in with a
hammer so it's a nice tight fit these
spaces here are just done some scrap
plastic that I had and they basically
make sure that when you screw the tripod
in here it's a nice tight fit the reason
why I've left the screws out is so that
you can attach a rubber band around the
phone to make it more secure if you
think the or tight fit isn't good enough
so if you wanted to make this yourself
you just get a regular piece anybody
would it doesn't have to be exact and
you take your phone let me grab mine
you'd put one piece of wood here right
on the edge and screw it in just leave
the tops of the screws out so you can
attach rubber bands and then place your
phone like this and get your other piece
of wood and then you'll mark where it
goes and you'll screw that one in as
well making sure it's a nice tight fit
and that would be it you'd have you'd
have your rig ready just attach the bolt
underneath like I described a minute ago
and you'll be good to go if something
like this